Xiaoye, you hate me
That can't be nonsense, can it?
That's it for you
What about the biological father who gave birth to you and raised you?
20 years
You spent no more than 200,000 on me
It just so happens that Suoxuan owes me 400,000
Just treat it as repaying your son's kindness
This bear my grace
That was my mother's favor to me
You are nothing but a mother who relies on me
Only now
Body hair skin affected by parents
Now I follow the shadow of the ancients
Cut hair and die
From Now On
I'm breaking up with Zuo Aotian
Liu Lao, I don't want to see you again
Hurry up and send them away
Hey, there will be good rewards.
Master Zuo, you bitch
You're turning left at me.
I'll tell you what.
If you provoke me again, I will never let you go
you
Ah Master Zuo
Hey, hey, hey.
master
It was my mistake.
Let the Zuo family come here
Don't bother
Liu Lao's eyes are usually high and low
No one is looking at this pair of dog legs now
What a pity.
I'm bothering you.
Ouch, where are you talking?
Master, I have an uninvited self-improvement
Yes?
Can you take me as your disciple?
Liu Lao must have the cheek to worship his teacher
This person combs
Must be the pinnacle
Hey, take me
I'll take it.
i